# Data-Analytics-Assignement (Reoprt on World Happiness Data)


## 1. Introduction

The happiness scores and rankings use data from the Gallup World Poll. The scores are
based on answers to the main life evaluation question asked in the poll.
The scores are from nationally representative samples for the years 2013-2016 and use the
Gallup weights to make the estimates representative. The columns following the
happiness score estimate the extent to which each of six factors – economic production,
social support, life expectancy, freedom, absence of corruption, and generosity –
contribute to making life evaluations higher in each country than they are in Dystopia, a
hypothetical country that has values equal to the world’s lowest national averages for each
of the six factors. They have no impact on the total score reported for each country, but
they do explain why some countries rank higher than others.

What is Dystopia?
Dystopia is an imaginary country that has the world’s least-happy people. The purpose in
establishing Dystopia is to have a benchmark against which all countries can be favorably
compared (no country performs more poorly than Dystopia) in terms of each of the six key
variables, thus allowing each sub-bar to be of positive width. The lowest scores observed
for the six key variables, therefore, characterize Dystopia. Since life would be very
unpleasant in a country with the world’s lowest incomes, lowest life expectancy, lowest
generosity, most corruption, least freedom and least social support, it is referred to as
“Dystopia,” in contrast to Utopia.

## 2. Problem Statement

What countries or regions rank the highest in overall happiness and each of the six factors
contributing to happiness? What trends can we observe and outliers are present? And
majorly, can we model the happiness based on the other factors?

It's an open-ended realm and you can explore the data as much as you want. We would
want to see some good analysis of the same and you have open hands for the same


## 3. Getting Started

1. Install the package:

Clone the github repository [https://github.com/saiteja-talluri/Data-Analytics-Assignement.git](https://github.com/saiteja-talluri/Data-Analytics-Assignement.git)
using
```
git clone https://github.com/saiteja-talluri/Data-Analytics-Assignement.git
```
2. Install dependencies: You need to have jupyter or ipython installed on your system.

3. Now go to iPython SCript folder and use this command to start using the notebook
```
jupyter notebook dav_script.ipynb
```
## 4. Note
   As I have written the code in jupyter notebook and the report in the repository is generated by the notebook. 
   For a better view watch it in the notebook view only :)
